Resolving TODO tags, Part 2 (#1874)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-book/domain-modeling-tools.md

## Abstract classes

{% comment %}

> LATER: If anyone wants to update this section, our comments about abstract classes and traits are on Slack. The biggest points seem to be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LATER: If anyone wants to update this section, here are a few points that could be mentioned:
```
